# Changelog

## What's Changed in 1.0.0a
- feat!: Add a plugin sidebar and registry system for managing sidebar panels.
- feat: add new tab panels for separating controls into categories "display-controls",
"dimensions", and "spacing"
tab and enable for all blocks
- feat: add new min/max variants of width/height to "dimensions" tab
- feat: add new controls for display and visibility to "display-controls"
- feat: add info panel with name of currently selected block
- refactor: update margin/padding controls with new UI and move from core/block to 
- refactor: update and move width/height controls from core/group block to "dimensions" 
"spacing" tab
- refactor: width/height, margin, and padding controls will now use the new global
attribute schema
- chore: remove previous block specific UI

BREAKING CHANGE: previous methods of storing style attributes for certain blocks
are removed in favour of a registry/schema of allowed attrbiutes that can apply
to ANY block. Some existing styles may be lost due to this change.

## What's Changed in 0.1.4-hotfix
- fix: colour classes not apply to core/button
- chore: cleaned up changelog

## What's Changed in 0.1.4
- feat: Add innerblocks support to core/button block
- feat: added button-text block for custom button text
- feat: added URL input support for core/button block
- update changelog

## What's Changed in 0.1.3
- fix: add 'none' containerType to core/group block
- chore: update changelog
  
## What's Changed in 0.1.2
- refactor: renamed `hide-inner-blocks-use-content-width.js` to
`hide-core-ui-elements.js` to add more general functionality
- refactor: changed TextControls to UnitControls so we can have things
like `px`, `%`, `em`, etc. in the controls.
- chore: cleaned up some leftover log outputs
- feat: margins can now be strings eg. auto calc()
- chore: update changelog
  
## What's Changed in 0.1.1
- fix: added server-side rendering for the core/group block because I forgot
most people don't run headless WordPress and need to see their changes
on the frontend.
- chore: generated a set of minified JS files for the block editor. This means
you can now use the plugin without needing to run a build step.
- refactor: refactored the build script to handle input/outputs a little better.
- feat: added CSS input/output for the one stylesheet this plugin uses.
- chore: updated CHANGELOG.md


## What's Changed in 0.1.0
- initial commit
  
<!-- generated by custom git log script -->